# AID-DAC21
The source code for generating edge points proposed in publication titled as "AID: Attesting the Integrity of DNNs"
  
<font size="5"> About Model Integrity Attacks <font/>

Due to their important role in many decision-making tasks, DNNs are a hot target for a large array of integrity breaches. Integrity attacks are the class of malicious attempts to modify model parameters to achieve a certain adversarial objective. A prevalent example of integrity attacks are backdoor attacks in which the adversary causes targeted misclassifications for input samples that contain an attacker chosen trigger.

Integrity attacks are a common threat for DNNs deployed on bth cloud servers and local devices. An adversary can exploit ptential vulnerabilities in security protocols of cloud infrastructures to gain access to the targeted model and substitute its parameters with malicious ones. Moreover, owing to recent advances in DNN compression techniques, DNNs are now deployable on resource-constrained IoT devices. Such devices normally do not pose integrity checking mechanisms, leaving the deployed DNNs susceptible to fault injection techniques such as laser beam fault injection, row hammer, and VoltJockey. The adversary can leverage such advanced techniques to perturb value of model parameters stored on the memory of these devices and compromise the integrity of deployed DNN.
    
<font size="5"> Edge Points to the Rescue! <font/>

Needless to say, deploying DNNs to real-world applications without a proper way to validate their integrity can have severe consequences, specifically in safety and security-critical sectors.
we propose AID, a novel methodology for generating integrity test cases for DNNs. AID formulates the test generation procedure as an optimization problem in which test cases are optimized to (1) increase sensitivity of
DNN’s top-1 output label to weight modifications and (2) maximize the portion of parameters that can be validated by each test case. We refer to test cases generated by AID as edge-points for achieving the first objective above requires pushing each test case close to edge of the boundary between output classes.
    
Intrested to know more about edge points? read [our paper](https://ieeexplore.ieee.org/document/9586290)
        
This repository is meant to showcase how edge points are generated unsing a ResNet-20 model trained on SVHN dataset. 
